WALMA-133: Adding fake video capture file configuration to chrome (#266)
Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox: Lombiq.Tests.UI/Docs/FakeVideoCaptureSource.md

# Fake video capture source

## Preparing video file

You can use video files as a fake video capture source in Chrome browser of format `y4m` or `mjpeg`.

> If you have a video file in eg.: `mp4` format use your preferred video tool to convert it to one of the formats mentioned above. If you don't have a preferred tool, simply use `ffmpeg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a video file in e.g., `mp4` format, use your preferred video tool to convert it to one of the formats mentioned above. If you don't have a preferred tool, simply use `ffmpeg`.
```

_Suggestion: use `mjpeg`, it will result in a smaller file size._

```bash
# Convert mp4 to y4m.
ffmpeg -y -i test.mp4 -pix_fmt yuv420p test.y4m

# Convert with resize to 480p.
ffmpeg -y -i test.mp4 -filter:v scale=480:-1 -pix_fmt yuv420p test.y4m

# Convert mp4 to mjpeg.
ffmpeg -y -i test.mp4 test.mjpeg

# Convert with resize to 480p.
ffmpeg -y -i test.mp4 -filter:v scale=480:-1 test.mjpeg

```

### Configuring test

> Add the prepared video file to your `csproj` as an `EmbeddedResource`, then configure the test method like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the prepared video file to your `csproj` project as an `EmbeddedResource`, and then configure the test method as shown below.
```
